add wait async ddl description (#18900)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-ddl.md

When the downstream is TiDB, TiCDC executes `ADD INDEX` and `CREATE INDEX` DDL operations asynchronously to minimize the impact on changefeed replication latency. This means that, after replicating `ADD INDEX` and `CREATE INDEX` DDLs to the downstream TiDB for execution, TiCDC returns immediately without waiting for the completion of the DDL execution. This avoids blocking subsequent DML executions.

> When the `ADD INDEX` or `CREATE INDEX` DDL is being executed in downstream and TiCDC executes the next DDL of the same table, this DDL might be blocked in the `queueing` state for a long time, causing TiCDC to repeatedly attempt execution. This can result in changefeed failures due to prolonged retries. Starting from v8.4.0, if TiCDC has the `SUPER` permission of the downstream database, it periodically runs `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOBS` to check the status of asynchronously executed DDL tasks. TiCDC will wait for the index creation to complete before continuing data replication. While this might increase changefeed latency, it helps prevent replication task failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the execution of the `ADD INDEX` or `CREATE INDEX` DDL operation in the downstream, when TiCDC executes the next DDL operation of the same table, this DDL operation might be blocked in the `queueing` state for a long time. This can cause TiCDC to repeatedly execute this DDL operation, and if retries take too long, it might lead to replication task failure. Starting from v8.4.0, if TiCDC has the `SUPER` permission of the downstream database, it periodically runs `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOBS` to check the status of asynchronously executed DDL tasks. TiCDC will wait for index creation to complete before proceeding with replication. Although this might increase replication latency, it avoids replication task failure.
```

> When the 'ADD INDEX' or 'CREATE INDEX' DDL is being executed in downstream and TiCDC executes the next DDL of the same table, this DDL may be blocked in the `queueing` state for a long time, causing it to be executed repeatedly by TiCDC. And the changefeed may also fail because retries take too long. Since v8.4.0, if TiCDC has the 'SUPER' permission of the downstream database, it will periodically run 'ADMIN SHOW DDL JOBS' to query the status of DDL tasks that are executed asynchronously, and wait until the index is created before continuing to synchronize. During this time, the changefeed latency will increase, but it will prevent the synchronization task from failing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the `ADD INDEX` or `CREATE INDEX` DDL is being executed in downstream and TiCDC executes the next DDL of the same table, this DDL might be blocked in the `queueing` state for a long time, causing TiCDC to repeatedly attempt execution. This can result in changefeed failures due to prolonged retries. Starting from v8.4.0, if TiCDC has the `SUPER` permission of the downstream database, it periodically runs `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOBS` to check the status of asynchronously executed DDL tasks. TiCDC will wait for the index creation to complete before continuing data replication. While this might increase changefeed latency, it helps prevent replication task failures.
```
